Transcription of GM's testimony to initiates.

I wish to welcome you by speaking about my awakening, an event that must be
fresh in all your minds.

My life began with my awakening. Like most of you, I was a wretch. My
existence meant less than nothing. I drifted through the world, not
directionless but moving always toward evil. The world was sorrier at every
place I passed through. I had no true desire, no raison-d'etre beyond
perpetuating the world's vileness. Now I see, as you do, that mankind must be
saved and we are its saviors.

My awakening came after committing an act for which I knew I could never
forgive myself. I was drowning in self-hate, listening to the wind and
watching the lights below. I felt my balance waver as my bare feet shifted on
my concrete perch. How fortuitous that I wasn't wearing shoes and could feel
that much more. I closed my eyes and shouted, crying out in anger at the
wretched world and me in it. When my eyes opened and my scream had drifted
away on the wind, I had been changed and the world with me.

How glorious and frightening, that first view of the Anomal. The pure
malevolence in so much of that city below, the fear in the wind, the hatred in
my own body--now thankfully gone--which had even permeated my clothing! "No
wonder," I remember laughing to myself, "no wonder the world is so vile!" I
could see it, but now I could change it.

Some of you may have felt powerful, when you first touched the Anomal. We will
eradicate that childish feeling soon enough. We should instead feel, on one
hand, the gratefulness of being rescued from drowning and, on the other, the
crushing weight of ultimate responsibility. This responsibility is ours alone:
to awake those with the calling, to lay our hands on the Anomal, to shape it
and thus shape mankind's destiny. None of us chose this path. You have joined
our ranks not for yourself but for mankind. We should be humbled, not
empowered, by our lot.

Your fate is sealed, your rites are complete, and our shared destiny lies
ahead. We welcome you.

